hey that's crazy the ink pimp here at
the body art is excellent it's my first
time with the expo it's actually my
first time at any tattoo convention
pretty awesome actually there's
something for everybody big small little
old young we've got it all it's not
something I hide from our kids is an
expression of art why not bring the get
down come and get tattoos come and get
Pierce
I got a lost my set - it's David the
vampire I absolutely love it I didn't
even plan on getting tattoos this
weekend I have an octopus in a mermaid
and they're embracing it and they're
getting tattoos and how many people stop
and check it out and the traffic
stopping by
come in watch people watching checking
everything out
people watching for sure interesting I
really like it it's really a lot of
different types of people and a lot of
really cool art just everybody here sort
of a automatic acceptance sort of thing
well we've got all kinds of stuff
he's got freak shows
suspension yeah that was wicked that's
cool though right no clue that you know
we've got art fusion the artwork that I
scored was expecting it to be
outrageously expensive but I love it I'm
excited about it I can't wait to go home
and hang it up we have all kinds of
stuff coming down here at the body arts
Expo I am entering a few of my pieces in
the contest my my leg my artist had
become so I get it on my thesis I think
what's really cool is like everybody's
like from different areas from out of
state and in state and kind of makes it
really cool so as to seeing the
different techniques of each artist it's
very it's very unique in each way
I'm definitely coming back next year oh
yeah we'll be at all of them absolutely
I'm definitely coming back I'll for sure
be back I would definitely come back
next year I am coming back next year I'm
gonna head to the hot babe contest next
year that yeah everybody all over the
world when body art comes to your town
come on out and see the show crazy the
ink pimp here at the body arts Expo
you